hey guys welcome to my channel the whole
world is moving online right now so
today I'm gonna teach you how to create
a website for your either online
business or maybe you're a professional
who can do coaching maybe you're a
language teacher maybe you have a small
business that can now do services online
today I'm gonna teach you how to create
a website that would advertise your
business in the best possible way and
I'm gonna create it on Wix calm which is
a platform for building websites and
they're sponsoring this video I will
create a website for myself as for a
study abroad professional so we're gonna
look at tips and tricks that I use to
sell my services and the way I present
myself and you can totally borrow
whatever I'm doing today and to create a
website of your own it's gonna take less
than 15 minutes which is amazing of
course you would need to have some
content beforehand and you would need to
think about what are you gonna sell
because for example if you're a tutor
you can sell your classes if you're a
consultant you can ask people to sign up
for a consultation if you're a small
business and you're doing something
online I would ask for people's contact
and then call them or email them and
describe where you can actually offer it
but no matter what the call to action is
it's really important that people get
excited about what you're doing even if
you are a tutor and there are so many
tutors all over the world you need to
make yourself special sit down and ask
yourself what's special about me as a
professional maybe you're a native
speaker teaching your own language and
you're interested in business you know
music and arts so you can connect the
students who are interested in that as
well maybe your business can offer a
quicker turnaround really depends like
for example I'm a study abroad
consultant and I can teach people how to
get accepted to US universities because
I've been accepted myself five times to
five universities in the u.s. got
financial aid and this is what's selling
my services because there is so many
people actually studying in the US
but I think that my story's special and
this is what I'm gonna use to sell my
services so let's get to business let's
start creating your online business or
online coaching website alright so the
first thing you need to do is go to
books comm and log in using your Google
or Facebook account and here is your
landing page so here we're gonna click
create new site and it depends what kind
of website you're gonna create but
because we're talking about online
businesses slash consulting I would
select business here and here we're
gonna select website editor because it
just gives you more flexibility so we're
gonna choose a template with the
template it really depends on what you
like here I would go to consulting and
coaching because the thing is a lot of
you have businesses that is just you or
maybe a couple more people so it's
really important to feature your face
because you know business is moving to
this stage where people want to buy from
people not from you know some logos and
this is why I feel that we have to have
a face behind every business and I'm the
face behind linguae trip and the face
behind all of our companies basically so
here it's really up to you what you're
gonna choose but again I want to make it
this more personal because people buy
from people and I would select this
template it's called health coach let's
get rid of this
now vixx is doing its magic and it's
creating a template for me while I'm
having my little coffee
sorry Italians this is like coffee with
milk okay so here we go I'm gonna remove
her logo cuz I don't need it and I will
say study in the USA with you see it's
even giving you text that you can you
can use study in the US with marina
McGill Co you need to have a good
headshot you can take it with your phone
and then use any image editor to just
make it look nicer and you see it
doesn't have to be very professional cuz
again we don't want to create a polished
image of yourself I want to be closer to
people so I would select a photo that's
you know that's really really basic I
took a selfie with my camera and I
really think it helps with any business
to just be closer to your customers
let's change column background here and
we're gonna select an image they have a
lot of images for you but I wouldn't use
stock images I will use something that
you have on your computer so we're gonna
upload media here here we go this is a
quick document let's see how it cross
yeah I think it's nice perfect my face
amazing now here's the booking button
that would allow to book a consultation
with me okay
yeah let's give this promo code you know
this thing's with a promo code really
work they kind of create the sense of
urgency because when people see that
their assembler sent off online booking
there is a code they think that this
might go away soon so I would even give
them a deadline if you can like book
this week and get 10% off with the promo
code this week or whatever
let's do 10% off online booking and
use the code America okay here we need a
phrase that will motivate people to
actually pursue education in the States
as a top-notch education within reach
online coaching with marina cocoa okay
that's perfect so then when people
scroll oh sorry
and we're gonna edit this so my website
is gonna be super easy I just have one
call to action settlement consultation
and basically guys if you just have one
call to action one product you don't
have to create a lot of pages on your
website I would just hide things that I
don't need just in case I need them
later but for now I don't need any of
those bottom contact should be fine okay
this looks nice now let's work on what's
here
meet marina study abroad so here would
need to have a short story about you I'm
gonna make it really short because
people don't like to read stuff so
here's a quick description about me you
know top achievements create something
about yourself please don't create a
long story just you know bullet points
of what you've done and why people
should trust you and why they should
book with you what's amazing you can
connect your Google Drive and use photos
from there and I have a lot of photos on
my Google Drive let's take one with
YouTube button so that people also know
that I have YouTube okay here we go
nice and clean what I specialize in
that's great by the way I would just
need to change those little images
so these are three things I specialize
in let's just leave it like that here's
basically your call to action start your
journey now let's see where we can get
you it's a nice phrase just to make
people excited and of course let's
change the background here I would see
what Wix offers I really like that they
have mist over bridge Golden Gate Bridge
where I live so we'll leave this and it
really goes with the color scheme and
here if you have your views I would
totally post them
I was just copy-paste the ones that I
have but if you don't have reviews what
you can do is to do something for free
for the first three customers just for
ever view then gather if you post it on
your page and then actually start
selling let's get you to Mary Karr okay
this is again something that would get
people inspired like this whole thing is
to make them inspired let's change the
background again now this is the
interesting part this is your budget
where people can actually book a
consultation and this is all done
automatically on Wix so we just have to
edit this vision to suit our service and
we're gonna edit it managed services
we're gonna just edit this one this
we're gonna call it online consultation
we're going to select a different image
let's use media from Wix so in this case
I would state that this is a
consultation with one of my managers
because I don't really consult myself
these days who I have trained myself
same it let's set work hours yes that's
perfect
save ok the healthy feed I would just
get rid of it I don't really need it ok
here you can ask people to get inspired
by your future education so just some
inspiring images and here I can just
connect my Instagram and what's exciting
is just gonna upload my latest images so
I don't have to renew it over and over
again here we go
and I will call and get inspired where
your future life and it will just
feature my images and the last but not
the least let's edit this section if you
wanted to send them an email get my
weekly tips and just ask for their email
let's connect this is your phone number
and email our email is marina at Marina
Miguel Cotto CO and we don't like people
calling us so we'll just leave it like
this
2002 Winnie bye marina mom gilko proudly
created with Vic's calm alright that's
it and then you can also connect your
social media you need to set your social
links because we already have Instagram
we'll just have Instagram here slash
arena and we'll connect my youtube slash
user slash okay so I think it looks good
now let's click publish you can connect
your branded domain but we'll just use
this for now and yes you can edit your
mobile but you'll skip it and okay let's
see what we've just created alright this
is my website it's already here it's
working
nice and clean and all animated if you
guys want to create the same or similar
website for your business or your
professional services the link is below
wix.com please follow my tutorial to
create your website and don't forget
that you have to stand out and you have
to show people the value of booking your
services thank you so much for watching
this video up to the very end the link
to my website will be below so you can
totally look through it and get excited
get inspired by my website thank you so
much for watching this video up to the
very end if you're not yet subscribe
this channel those red button below hit
subscribe they'll see you very soon in
my next videos bye